Updated broken links (#32)
prestodb/prestorials: connecting to data sources/AWS Glue/readme.md

## Use the Presto CLI to query from an EMR Presto Cluster

> ### If you setup [Presto running in AWS using EMR](https://github.com/NajibAdan/prestorials/tree/main/running%20on%20cloud%20services/AWS#running-presto-using-emr) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### If you setup [Presto running in AWS using EMR](https://github.com/prestodb/prestorials/blob/main/running%20on%20cloud%20services/AWS/readme.md#running-presto-using-emr) 
```

Don't link to your clone of the repo.

Author: Good catch. Let me fix it

Author: @steveburnett could you kindly review again?
